Lattice Update (#1316)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/people/README.md

>   * [Request Time Off](https://help.bamboohr.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052355912-Request-Time-Off)
>   * [Employee Access Manual](https://help.bamboohr.com/hc/en-us/articles/227321928-Employee-Access-Manual)

### Lattice

> * Lattice is our Engagement and Performance Platform.

> > * The People team uses Lattice to gain insight across the employee experience, using employee engagement surveys, continuous feedback, 360 reviews, and goal tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
> * The People team uses Lattice to gain insight across the employee experience, using employee engagement surveys, continuous feedback, 360 reviews, and 1:1s.
```

> > * Staff use Lattice for performance reviews such as 90-day reviews and 360 performance reviews, for engagement and employee experience surveys, and goal tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
> * Staff use Lattice for performance reviews such as 90-day reviews and 360 performance reviews, for engagement and employee experience surveys, and 1:1s.
```
